Added new defintions (#53)
lhcb/glossary: glossary/O.md

# O

## ODIN {#ODIN}

> A readout supervision module of «timing and fact control:TFC», see [The final LHCb readout supervisor ODIN](https://cds.cern.ch/record/619217/files/p371.pdf) for LHCb Run 1/Run 2 version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A readout supervision module of «timing and fact control:TFC», see the final [Readout Supervisor ODIN](https://cds.cern.ch/record/619217/files/p371.pdf) document for Runs 1 and Run 2.
```

> An updated version used in Upgrade 1 is called «S-ODIN:S_ODIN».

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An updated version used in Upgrade I is called «S-ODIN:S_ODIN».
```
